io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
com/serretSangatte/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.serretSangatte.app.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
plugin/google/maps/AsyncLoadImageInterface.java
 plugin.google.maps.AsyncLoadImageInterface
plugin/google/maps/MyPlugin.java
 plugin.google.maps.MyPlugin
 plugin.google.maps.MyPlugin$1
 plugin.google.maps.MyPlugin$2
 plugin.google.maps.MyPlugin$3
plugin/google/maps/PluginStreetViewPanorama.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$10
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$7
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$8
 plugin.google.maps.PluginStreetViewPanorama$9
plugin/google/maps/AsyncLoadImage.java
 plugin.google.maps.AsyncLoadImage
 plugin.google.maps.AsyncLoadImage$AsyncLoadImageOptions
 plugin.google.maps.AsyncLoadImage$AsyncLoadImageResult
plugin/google/maps/PluginMap.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$1$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$1$1$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$1$1$2$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$1$1$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$10
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$11
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$12
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$13
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$14
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$15
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$16
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$17
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$18
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$19
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$20
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$21
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$22
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$23
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$24
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$25
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$25$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$25$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$26
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$27
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$28
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$29
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$30
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$31
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$32
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$33
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$33$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$34
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$5$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$6$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$7
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$8
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$9
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$AdjustInitCamera
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$AsyncSetOptionsResult
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$AsyncUpdateCameraPositionResult
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$TEXT_STYLE_ALIGNMENTS
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$UpdateCameraAction
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$UpdateCameraAction$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$UpdateCameraAction$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMap$UpdateCameraAction$1$2
plugin/google/maps/PluginLocationService.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$7
 plugin.google.maps.PluginLocationService$8
plugin/google/maps/PluginKmlOverlay.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginKmlOverlay
 plugin.google.maps.PluginKmlOverlay$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginKmlOverlay$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginKmlOverlay$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginKmlOverlay$KML_TAG
 plugin.google.maps.PluginKmlOverlay$KmlParserClass
plugin/google/maps/PluginMarkerCluster.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$3$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$3$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$BoundBox
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarkerCluster$STATUS
plugin/google/maps/PluginPolygon.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$10
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$11
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$12
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$13
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$14
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$15
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$7
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$8
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolygon$9
plugin/google/maps/PluginEnvironment.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginEnvironment
 plugin.google.maps.PluginEnvironment$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginEnvironment$2
plugin/google/maps/MyPluginInterface.java
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginInterface
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
plugin/google/maps/MyPluginLayout.java
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$1
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$2
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$3
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$4
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$FrontLayerLayout
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$Overflow
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$ResizeTask
 plugin.google.maps.MyPluginLayout$TouchableWrapper
plugin/google/maps/PluginPolyline.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginPolyline$7
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
org/apache/cordova/camera/GalleryPathVO.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.GalleryPathVO
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
plugin/google/maps/CordovaGoogleMaps.java
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$1
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$1$2
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$2
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$3
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$4
 plugin.google.maps.CordovaGoogleMaps$5
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
cordova/plugin/nativegeocoder/NativeGeocoder.java
 cordova.plugin.nativegeocoder.NativeGeocoder
 cordova.plugin.nativegeocoder.NativeGeocoderOptions
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
plugin/google/maps/PluginGroundOverlay.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$7
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$8
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGroundOverlay$9
plugin/google/maps/ObjectCache.java
 plugin.google.maps.ObjectCache
com/serretSangatte/app/MainActivity.java
 com.serretSangatte.app.MainActivity
plugin/google/maps/IPluginView.java
 plugin.google.maps.IPluginView
plugin/google/maps/PluginMarker.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$10
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$11
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$12
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$13
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$14
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$15
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$16
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$17
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$18
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$4$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$4$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$4$1$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$4$1$1$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$4$1$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$5
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$5$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$6
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$6$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$7
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$8
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$9
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$Animation
 plugin.google.maps.PluginMarker$ICreateMarkerCallback
plugin/google/maps/BitmapCache.java
 plugin.google.maps.BitmapCache
plugin/google/maps/PluginAsyncInterface.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginAsyncInterface
plugin/google/maps/PluginTileProvider.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileProvider
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileProvider$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileProvider$OnCacheClear
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
plugin/google/maps/PluginCircle.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginCircle
 plugin.google.maps.PluginCircle$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginCircle$2
 plugin.google.maps.PluginCircle$3
 plugin.google.maps.PluginCircle$4
 plugin.google.maps.PluginCircle$5
plugin/google/maps/PluginTileOverlay.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileOverlay
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileOverlay$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileOverlay$1$1
 plugin.google.maps.PluginTileOverlay$2
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
plugin/google/maps/PluginGeocoder.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGeocoder
 plugin.google.maps.PluginGeocoder$1
plugin/google/maps/PluginUtil.java
 plugin.google.maps.PluginUtil
 plugin.google.maps.PluginUtil$MyCallbackContext
